There was only silence and blackness. From my own abyss; an ocean of darkness, arose two golden discs beyond the window pane. Like two searchlights they landed upon me. Their malevolence was not betrayed when a howl like a thousand banshees sliced my mind into pieces. And then came the winds.
The walls began to shake. From the heart of the maelstrom the beast with its bottomless appetite took in great mouthfulls of silent air, and produced a weaponized cone of destruction which began to eat away at my home and my sanity. I screamed but it was silence against the thunder, and all fell away - leaving the empty night as my only abode.


That idiot brother of mine, creating that house out of straw.
We all knew it wouldn't work, and here he is now, in my house and he brought that damn wolf with him..
No worries here, my house is made of wood. We should be all good here. Wait, what is that sound? Is it that wolf again??
Crap, how much wind can that wolf blow? Woops, there goes my roof...
 
Well, now we are at our older brother's house, can you believe he made this place out of brick?
Who has that kind of time, or money??
Oh crap, the wolf is back and he is blowing and blowing...
2 hours later...
Oh hey, look, he is finally out of breath and he is leavingecho 2 hours later... Looks like it is time to head to the market.
So, I'm on the way to the market, looking to resupply my poor blown over house and what do I see? That damn wolf hitting on the girl wearing this read outfit.
I wish her luck, that guy is so full of hot air...

You took my older brother, he did not stand a chance. His house fell down like a tower of playing cards. My sister on the other hand was a bit more prepared. Her house lasted lasted a while before it was finally taken by your gust.
Now you come for me, I have many a hair on my chiny chin chin and I refuse to let you in. You can huff and puff but you will not get in. I will not allow the line of swine end here. My home is ready and the the only way in is up there (the roof) but beware, a warm welcome is prepared. Are you hungry still? I think there is wolf on the menu tonight, what a delight.
